she remembers

a knock at the door

millie hides under the sheets
she whispers, "were we being too loud?"

she sees the outline of martin get up
and walk toward the door through the fabric

  "no, i am the building advisor"
he says smugly, "i enforce the noise rules"

still in his towel from behind the door he asks
  "who is it?"

a muffled answer millie can't hear
but martin seems confident and suddenly muscular

as he grasps the door handle and opens
behind it a man -- probably a student

he is also only in a robe
he is thin with black hair

  "come in ... you may as well wait here
  while i go get the master key from the office"

then martin adds, pointing at the giggling sheets
  "henry, that's millie ...

  "i will need to get dressed"
martin struts to the closet

as he drops his towel henry turns away
now facing directly at millie

putting on pants and a shirt, martin adds
  "don't be embarrassed, it happens to everyone"

  "i forgot my key and got stuck out in the hall
  after jogging last term"

then, grabbing his keys from the desk
and flip-flops from behind the door, he is gone

a long awkward silence
punctuated by more of millie's supressed laughter

                                   "hi, i'm henry"
"i know"

another long silence
millie peeks her head out of the sheets

"do you mind?
i need to put some clothes on"

                                  "oh, yes, sorry"
he turns, obviously flustered

millie reaches an arm out from under the sheets
and grabs a tee shirt off the floor

a little contorting in the tent 
then two feet on the floor

"there!"
she taps henry on the shoulder

he turns around
*a nice face* she thinks to herself

she notices how cold the floor feels to her feet
but how strangely warm her face seems

"would you like some pancakes?"
                                           "what?"

"PAN CAKES" she says slowly
                               "i didn't know ..."

millie walks over to the hotplate on the desk
and grabs a spatula to flip the contents

"fuck, they burned on one side!"
                "i didn't think we could cook ..."

"don't you know, very martin, breaking rules"
millie waves the spatula around

              "i hadn't met martin until just now"
she sizes up this henry

martin has mentioned him
henry was supposed to be house advisor

a last minute change to the appointments
and another candidate was given advisor status

some shuffling around and henry got bumped
down to floor advisor at the academy dorms

she turns and plates the cakes
she feels the air on her bare buttocks and smiles

*give the man a treat* she thinks to herself
"sit!" she points the spatula at the table

henry obeys and she reaches around him
placing the meal in front of him

                                       "thank you"
"you're welcome" millie says in her sweetest voice

she turns and she begins to make another batch
after a few moments, at a random moment

to try to catch him off guard, she turns to check
he is eating as instructed and she smiles

she prepares another plate before sitting beside him
bare knees touch under the small table beneath the window

"martin says you're a lepto ..." she trails off
                               "lepidopterologist"

"le-pi-dop-te-ro-lo-gist, you study butterflies?"
                                             "yes"

he avoids eye contact
but millie's gaze eventually snares him

*warm brown eyes* she says to herself
she smiles and he smiles back

the door opens and martin strides in
  "got 'em! ready? ..."

martin gives henry a stern look as he sees the pair
  "i see you're helping yourself?"

henry gets up suddenly
his towel slips, but he grabs it before it falls

                                  "sorry, she ..."
he points at millie and she smirks at martin

the two head back out the door
but before it closes, martin stops the door from shutting

  "one second, i need to tell millie ..."
      "hey, i didn't realize ... i'm really sorry"

martin peeks his head back in and whispers
to millie, who is now just behind the door

  "he's cute, isn't he?"
she nods

she pushes the door closed and martin out
listening at the door with a pressed ear

        "i really didn't mean to ... i didn't ..."
  "relax" martin says

  "millie is my sister"
she hears him say as the trail off down the hall

she returns to her plate
apricot pancakes, her favorite
